add doc for missing apis error (#173)
operator-framework/olm-docs: content/en/docs/Tasks/Troubleshooting/subscription.md

### Why does a single failing subscription cause all subscriptions in a namespace to fail?

Each Subscription in a namespace acts as a part of a set of operators for the namespace - think of a Subscription as an entry in a python `requirements.txt`. If OLM is unable to resolve part of the set, it knows that resolving the entire set will fail, so it will bail out of the installation of operators for that particular namespace. Subscriptions are separate objects but within a namespace they are all synced and resolved together.

### Subscription fails due to missing APIs

> Newer versions of kubernetes have deprecated and removed certain APIs that OLM supports. For example, the `apiextensions.k8s.io/v1beta1` GroupVersion is no longer available on kubernetes 1.22+ clusters. Operators that rely on v1beta1 CRDs will fail to install on 1.22+ clusters, since the v1beta API has been removed. See 

Reviewer: WDYT about changing the tense of this sentence, e.g. "Newer versions of Kubernetes may deprecate and remove certain APIs that OLM supports".

> [the offical kubernetes deprecation guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-guide/) for the full list of resources that have been deprecated and removed by kubernetes version. These APIs will continue to be available on older versions of kubernetes and OLM will continue to support them moving forward. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[the official kubernetes deprecation guide](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-guide/) for the full list of resources that have been deprecated and removed by an individual kubernetes version. These APIs will continue to be available on older versions of kubernetes and OLM will continue to support them moving forward.
```
